fix: jobs page (#485)
ory/web: src/markdown/jobs/growth-marketing-manager.mdx

### What You'll Do

> - Build programs and digital campaigns to help people understand, try, and adopt
>   Ory products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Develop and execute integrated B2B demand generation programs to help people understand, try, and adopt
  Ory products and achieve revenue and pipeline goals
```
